websites/integrations: specify redirect uri of type authorization or post logout (#22981)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/_redirect-uri-2026-5-note.mdx

:::info Redirect URI changes in authentik 2026.5

> Before authentik 2026.5, all **Redirect URIs** are automatically of type `Authorization`. If you're running an older version, add the `Authorization` URL to your **Redirect URIs** and do not add the `Post Logout` URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In authentik versions earlier than 2026.5, all **Redirect URIs** are automatically treated as `Authorization` type. If you are using one of these older authentik versions, add only the `Authorization` URL to your **Redirect URIs** and do not configure a `Post Logout` URI.
```
